# fe-skeleton-coding-standards

Coding Standards (phpstan, php-cs-fixer, php_sniffer, github build)

Also provides a render-action "faktore-git/fe-skeleton-coding-standards"
which uses a simple CI pipeline, and posting to slack.

Requires you to set a SLACK_WEBHOOK_URL secret to point to your
Slack App integration.

## Usage

Install as a dev dependency:

```
composer require-dev faktore/fe-skeleton-coding-standards
```

## Composer Scripts

Check out the file `composer.scripts.json` and place these in your existing
`composer.json` project file.

The kickstarter in `fe-skeleton-composer-templates` also provides this.

(Required composer packages are not allowed to insert custom scripts, that
is the reason it cannot be done for you automatically)

## Provided files

When being used in fe-skeleton context, this provides the following files.

### ONCE, only if not existing:

These files are only imported once, and only if such a file is NOT
yet existing.

On skeleton updates these are meant to NOT overwrite these files, because
it assumes that your project configures them.

This is what happens through the "dirmapOnce" composer.json configuration
that the skeleton-composer-installer evaluates.

These files are meant to be versioned in your project repository.

* phpstan-baseline.neon (project-specific baseline)

### ALWAYS on updates:

These files will always be maintained in this repository, and every update
to a new version will overwrite your files.

Your files are meant to be versioned in your project repository. If you
plan to change things in these files, remove the "fe-skeleton-autogenerated"
marker to do so.

#### Configuration

* phpcs.xml (PHP_CodeSniffer config)
* .php-cs-fixer.php (PHP-CS-Fixer config)
* phpstan.neon (phpstan config)
* .phpstorm.meta.php (PHPStorm helper)
* phpstorm.inspections.xml (PHPStorm inspections)
* .editorconfig
* .github/workflows/ci.yml (Workflow)

## Provided applications/code

A simple Symfony CLI Console Command is provided as:

* vendor/faktore-git/fe-skeleton-coding-standards/Sniffy (inspection helper)

## Reset script

```
rm phpcs.xml .php-cs-fixer.php phpstan.neon .phpstorm.meta.php phpstorm.inspections.xml .editorconfig .github/workflows/main.yml .github/workflows/ci.yml
```
